Flo February updates (#867)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-02/3-Quality-score-in-the-product-export-builder.md

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/product-export-filters-on-quality-score.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Product export filters on quality score"
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

> # Quality score in the Product Export Builder

Author: It's the name we use in the documentation. But I agree it can be confusing for new users.
However, we can't just say "export" cause you can both export via API and the export builder.

::: meta-data type="New" features="Quality, Collaboration" available="mid-February" link-to-doc="../articles/product-export-builder.html#use-the-quality-score-filters-for-product-export"

> In the Product Export Builder, you can now enjoy the possibility to export the product quality score along all its other infomation whenever you export products in CSV or Excel format. There is also filter on the quality score so that you can precisely choose the products with either A, B, C, D, and/or E grades. This new feature comes in very handy in different situations:

Author: ```suggestion
You can now export your product quality scores along with other product information directly in your CSV and Excel product exports. Easily filter on the quality score(s) A, B, C, D, and/or E required to have the information in your exported file.

This new feature can be very handy when:
```

- when you want to only export high-quality products to then distribute their product information to third-parties,
- when you want to select badly enriched products to allow external contributors to focus on them and enhance their quality score.

You can also choose which locales you want this new filter to apply: whether it's on all the locales or only on a chosen one.

![Product export filters on quality score](../img/product-export-filters-on-quality-score.png)

> Note that your old product exports won't be impacted by this new capability as by default, we don't export the quality score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we do not export the quality score in product export profiles, so if you want to export your quality score on existing product exports, you need to edit them to add this filter.
```

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/product-export-filters-on-quality-score.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Product export filters on quality score"
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

# Filter and export your product quality score
::: meta-data type="New" features="Quality, Collaboration" available="mid-February" link-to-doc="../articles/product-export-builder.html#use-the-quality-score-filters-for-product-export"

> You can now export your product quality scores along with other product information directly in your CSV and Excel product exports. Easily filter on the quality score(s) A, B, C, D, and/or E required to have the information in your exported file.

Author: ```suggestion
You can now export your product quality scores along with other product information directly in your CSV and Excel product exports, directly in the Product Export Builder. Easily filter on the quality score(s) A, B, C, D, and/or E required to have the information in your exported file.
```
